Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
I'm going to talk about something pretty hard, but many of you don't know about my daughter and her testimony and the story of what she's been through.
I thought I'd talk about it because there are a lot of new faces.
Many of you do know, but many of you do not.
For the ones who don't know, I'm going to talk about it because people ask, "What's the noise in the background when you do your videos?
" They email asking what that noise is.
They think it's a devil or something.
That's my daughter, and she has special needs.
When she was 18 months old, she got the flu shot.
It's very hard to talk about, but I talk about it because one day I believe it's going to be the greatest testimony the world has ever seen.
That's what I just keep saying to myself.
She got the flu shot and was developing normally.
Her Apgar scores were completely normal when she was born.
Everything was completely fine.
She was talking and making full sentences, like any two-year-old would do.
She was starting to really develop and everything was okay.
When we went in, her doctor suggested the flu was really bad that year and said every parent should have this done.
As young adults, we were fearful of that, so I told the lady to go ahead and give her the flu shot.
We got her the flu shot at the same time we gave her her measles,, and rubella shot, her MMR.
Within just a couple of days, she ran a very high fever.
All of a sudden, it's like she went from being a happy little girl developing normally to a child completely in a bubble.
She lost all speech and just made weird humming noises.
She went into a complete zombie state.
It was so bad that I called the doctor and said, "Something is really wrong with our child.
" My wife called and we demanded they see her.
They said, "Oh, she's just having a little reaction to the flu vaccination and running a fever.
It's okay.
This will pass.
Don't worry about it.
" I said, "No, there's something much more wrong.
There's something really wrong.
" Megan got worse and worse.
Her bowels stopped working.
She wouldn't go to the bathroom anymore.
Her belly would swell up to the size of a beach ball.
As a child, she would hold her bowels for three weeks at a time without going and would cross her legs because of the sensation of going.
It was so bad that she would swell up huge, and she'd be so impacted they thought they would have to perform emergency surgery on her because of the X-rays.
It was absolute hell on earth.
She started having the worst tantrums and biting herself.
She would wipe feces all down our hall all day long with what she would dig out of her hiney.
It was nasty.
She would wipe it on furniture, her bed, and our walls.
Every day I'd come home from work and Diana would be home with her, just weeping because of how bad the day was.
She would take everything in the bathroom and put it in the kitchen and everything in the kitchen into the bathroom.
She put things from the bedroom into the living room.
Every year when we put up our Christmas tree, she would take all the ornaments and lights down.
We'd go to bed at night, and then she would put them in a drawer in the kitchen.
This went on for years.
The severity is such that I can't even tell you with words how bad it truly was.
She would get two hours of sleep at night, keeping us up all night long.
Diana and I were walking zombies because of how tired we were.
I would go to work and pass out in the hall because of how tired I was.
When I was working on a Saturday cleaning the church, I would go into the men's stall and just lay my head over because I was too tired to function, even while driving.
It was so bad.
We would drive her around at night in the car just trying to get her to sleep.
We had a diesel car and the vibration and loudness would help her fall asleep as we were driving.
But the moment we stopped the car and tried to take her to her bed, she'd wake up.
There was nothing that kept her asleep.
I would sit in the house and rock her for hours as she would try to fall asleep, listening to Christian music to the point where if I hear those songs now, it bothers me.
I can't listen to that music anymore because of how traumatizing those moments were.
I know many of you have children with special needs or autism, and my heart goes out to you.
I pray for you all the time.
People send me letters.
I remember those days when we didn't think she would be where she's at right now.
I prayed and believed, but the doctors all told us she would never progress beyond the mental capacity of a two-year-old.
He said, "She'll never talk.
She'll never be potty trained.
She'll never have a normal functioning life.
You're going to be this way forever.
Why don't you sign her over to the state and make her an orphan so you can start over and have a normal life?
" I told him I'll never do that.
I will raise this little girl and she'll be healed.
He said we were in denial, in La-La Land.
He said, "I have over 3,000 documented diagnoses since I've started my practice, and I've never one time seen a child like this get any better or have a normal life.
" He said, "I'm telling you all, you are in denial," and basically he was rebuking us, telling us that we needed a reality check.
Diana said, "Sir, you may have never had a child come out of this as severe as this, but we are going to be the first ones.
We're going to be the ones who come back and tell you that Jesus Christ is a healer and she's going to come out of this.
" We're still believing that after 20 years.
We're standing on it and believing for the full manifestation.
I want you to know that even someone who has the relationship that I have with the Lord goes through things.
Not everything is always roses.
I think it's interesting because we watch other people on Facebook comment about what their child's going through, but I would never make public many things that I went through when Megan was first diagnosed.
We didn't even say the word autism.
I wouldn't even let you say it in my presence because I'm not claiming it.
I don't have that.
I'm resisting what the devil has tried to put on us.
I refuse to acknowledge it and say, "Listen, this is what we have.
" No, I am resisting.
I am resisting it.
I am not claiming it.
I am denying its right to be here.
And by claiming it and saying, "I have this," is not what we have.
I am the healed resisting autism.
I am the healed.
She is the healed resisting autism.
Whenever she makes those noises and those hums and all the things that she does, we don't even notice it anymore.
We're so used to it because of how many years it's been going on—for 20 years.
You just don't even think about it.
But whenever somebody's watching your video, they're thinking, "What is that?
" So I try to explain to y'all a little bit what we're going through.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, I've called you to the healing ministry.
I've called you to go into all the world and lay hands on the sick and they'll recover.
" I said, "How am I going to do that?
Whenever I pray for my little girl and I haven't seen the full manifestation, I'll be a hypocrite.
If I've got a child that's overcoming this and we don't see the full manifestation, how am I supposed to go and pray for the sick and then tell them that Jesus is a healer, that you're a healer, whenever I don't even see my daughter's full manifestation?
" I argued with him and he said, "Brandon, your daughter does not validate my word.
My word validates itself.
It's a pillar by itself.
I don't need Megan's full manifestation to prove my word is true.
My word is true and it stands alone.
Regardless of your circumstances, just be obedient and do what I've called you to do.
" I wrestled with this over and over again until he kept coming to me and said, "I want you to start a YouTube channel and do these things.
" I wrestled with it for two years, pulling videos and not putting them on YouTube.
For two years I did this before anybody would ever really look at it.
I put a video up for a couple days and took it down because I felt so inadequate, so tormented by it.
And the Lord told me, "I want you to do what I've called you to do.
" Well, we went to a Billy Burke meeting—I always talk about Billy Burke.
It was my birthday, and I went for a birthday present for me.
I wanted to go see Billy Burke, and I was excited about it.
We got there and had to sit at the very back because Megan was acting so bad.
Before this, we went to Andrew Wommack to get him to pray for her, and she was in the back of the service in this hotel room in Norman, Oklahoma.
There was a huge light switchboard on the back of the auditorium, and Megan decided she was going to throw a fit and push those buttons.
In the middle of Andrew Wommack preaching his sermon, all the lights went out in the whole auditorium and it went completely black.
There were probably 3,000 people in there or more, and it was complete—you couldn't see your hand in front of your face inside this auditorium with the doors closed.
Andrew was on the front stage and he goes, "Hello?
" You know how he's so real country.
I literally thought I could crawl underneath the table and bury myself.
That's how embarrassed I was.
I was freaking out.
I grabbed a hold of her and I said, "I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
" It was in the middle of the thing and he's preaching and everybody's looking.
He turned around looking at us like, "What happened?
" When the guys came over with flashlights looking to try to turn on the lights again—they were renting the building and didn't know how to turn the lights on, but they didn't lock them.
Megan did that.
We were looking for prayer.
I think he prayed for us, but nothing really happened.
Nothing against him; nothing happened.
Just being real.
After it was all over, I walked away feeling so defeated because I knew that I was expecting something to happen at Andrew Wommack's service.
We took her to that, and that was one of the only services we took her to for a long time because then we had people telling us that she had a devil.
I told you all about that.
I took her down to a ministry in the Dallas area, and they charged us $500 to try to cast the devils out of her.
I'm not going to get into that.
Then we took her to a Billy Burke service.
When we went to the Billy Burke service, we sat at the very back.
We were at a massive church, a huge church.
There were so many people you couldn't stir them with a stick.
I was so disappointed because I wanted her to be down at the front and get prayed for, but so did everybody else that has needs.
The lines were long for prayer and Megan was losing it.
She was having one of her biggest meltdowns and she was pushing against me, freaking out.
I carried her up to the front holding her, and she was resisting me and pushing off of me.
He says, "Everybody who needs a miracle, get down to the very front.
I'm going to pray for you.
I'm closing the service.
" I was so disappointed because there were people all around me that had a lot more issues, it seemed, than what we had—broken legs and all these things going on with their bodies—and they were looking for healing, too.
But there were just too many people to pray for.
All of a sudden, my wife comes over and stands next to me with my other two, and Braden was filming it like he always does.
He films everything.
Billy Burke, by the spirit of God, looks over at us and he says, "You two come here.
" He calls us over for us to pray for him.
And you'll see the video right here.
"Is this your daughter?
" "Yes, sir.
Bring her over here.
She was making all the noise over there, right?
What's going on with your daughter?
" "She got a flu vaccination.
It caused autism.
" "How old is she now?
" "She's 13.
" So that's the video.
That was the day that Megan started—the day that Billy Burke prayed for our little girl and she started having bowel functions for the first time.
She came home and for the first time had a bowel movement by herself and was able to go on the stool and was completely potty trained within a couple weeks.
It happened within 24 hours, but it was after he prayed for her.
Within a couple weeks, God started to restore Megan.
We were able to start going to church without her freaking out after that visitation from the Lord.
We weren't able to go into public places—we were not able to go eat in public places or go to church or go to Walmart or go to any of these places because Megan would have such a meltdown.
We would try to put her in the buggy and as she got older, I'd put her in a wheelchair, to the point where I just sat out in the car because it was so rough.
We have videos—we took her to stores; we've done it now to prove that we've taken her into places because we want to document it.
When the full manifestation comes, God alone, with all the documents, will get all the glory for what he's done for Megan.
One day I was praying and our staff at our church was having a harvest party—that's what we want to call it because we don't celebrate Halloween—but they were having a get-together at the pastor's house.
Everybody was going over there for barbecue and refreshments, things like that.
We couldn't go because we didn't have childcare for Megan because nobody really could watch Megan because of how bad she was.
Megan would not act right.
It was awful.
So we never really left her with anybody because we knew that they couldn't handle it and we didn't want to hear it: "Megan was this, Megan was that.
" Oh, I don't care.
I live it.
You know, keep your comments to yourself.
So family, even family, I couldn't deal with it.
Don't want to deal with it.
"Megan wet in our chair.
Megan peed or had a pee accident in our chair or ruined it.
" I don't want to hear it.
You know, I live it.
She's destroyed three cars.
I mean, seriously, that's how bad it was.
So when people don't relate and they can't handle something, they attack it or they accuse or say, "Hey, this is what you should be doing.
" And when you're doing all you can do as a father with a special needs child, I don't need any correction.
You know, I need sympathy and I need you to love on me whenever you are down and you're hurt and bad.
You get that?
And a lot of people always feel like they have their suggestion of what they think you should be doing because they have it all figured out.
They look at your life through their little magnifying glass going, "I see that you have a flaw here," and they have no idea because they've never been through anything in their whole entire life, but they have a suggestion and a cure for you.
Does that make sense?
But everybody who's never been through anything knows how to fix your situation until you've lived it for less than a 24-hour period.
And even the people who have—this is interesting—the people who have even more of an opinion just encounter you and they think they can fix all your issues.
But if you lived it for a week, you'd want to hurt yourself physically.
You know what I'm saying?
It was so bad.
I wanted to run my car off a cliff so many days because I could not function.
And that's how bad it was.
Sleep?
I wanted to run off a bridge.
I wanted to self-harm.
That's how bad it was.
I spiritually had to grab a hold of it.
And the reason I'm still here is because I had that will inside of myself by the Holy Spirit to say, "You can do this.
You be a father to that child and you be a husband to that wife and you don't abandon them by being a quitter.
" But there were so many days that I went to an evangelist.
I had such a deep root of depression on me and I was so suicidal that the evangelist who was at the front of the church saw it on me.
He called me up to the front and said, "Sir, you need to come up here.
There's a devil of suicide trying to come against you and I'm going to pray for you right now.
Jesus is going to set you free.
" I was so broken at that time.
I literally thought I was lost.
I didn't think I was going to make it out of it.
And I remember sitting in the back of that church just looking for something.
I left early that morning thinking, "I'm not going to go home today.
" Diana was at home with Megan, and I just thought, "I need help.
I need help.
" And I drove to this little town, Crescent, Oklahoma.
And this man named Ronald was there.
Ronald was there and he was preaching.
And we had our son at this time; he was just a little baby.
And I was so down with depression and suicide that I thought there's nothing else I can do.
I just got to quit.
And I went to the back of this church just looking for hope.
And he called me out and he said, "Come down to the front.
" And he laid hands on me.
And I'm telling you, that spirit came off of me and broke off of me.
And the power of God set me free.
It changed me forever.
Yeah, the spirit tried to come back, but I resisted it more and more because I knew what it was like to be free.
And there's so many times when you get to that place of desperation that you don't feel there's a way out of the hole that you're in and you think the only way out is death.
But I'm trying to tell you today that Jesus has a plan for your life.
And if I would have done what I was thinking I was going to do back then, I wouldn't be here with my son right now preaching the gospel to you.
There's a place of desperation.
There's a place of darkness that some people will never know until you've been there.
A place of hurt, a place of discouragement that is so deep and so vast that you don't know how you're ever going to fill that bubble because you think there's no way out.
And I'm so thankful for Ronald.
He was a missionary from Romania and he came over there and he prayed for me.
He gave me a prophetic word and told me there's people that have abandoned you.
And he gave me this word and it was dead smack right on.
After he prayed for us, then I went and I got Diana and I said, "Oh my God, baby, I have hope.
I have hope.
This man called me out.
You know the circumstance.
" She didn't know how bad I was because I try to be strong all the time for her.
And I went over and I grabbed her and I got the kids and I took her to this revival that night.
He was at a Pizza Hut eating after church, and I took her over there and I said, "Let me just try to sow a seed.
" Because I knew the power of a seed.
It was maybe like 20 bucks; I don't know because we didn't have nothing.
But I told her, "Let's just sow that in faith, believing for breakthrough in our household.
Let's believe for what seemed impossible that God's going to turn it around.
" I go over this story and I cry every time and it's still painful.
So Diana got prayed for, Megan got prayed for, we all went home.
But I was so broken by it.
So now I go back to the thing where I told you we were at the party, and this happened right after that.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
This happened right after that.
So, it was October the 29th and I was standing at the sink doing dishes and I had just come home from work and I said, "Lord, do you hear any of my prayers?
Have you abandoned me, Lord?
Do you care that I'm going through any of this?
Do you see the pain?
" Just fussing.
"Do you see the pain that I'm going through?
" Just scrubbing the dishes.
Diana's in there dealing with Megan and all of a sudden Jesus comes in.
And this is the first time I can tangibly tell you he was not a vision; he was tangible, tangible like this.
He shows up in the kitchen.
The presence of God felt so much.
I turned around as I'm fussing and Jesus said, "I've heard all of your prayers.
" And I turned around and I melted on the ground because I could not stand in front of his presence.
And he looked at me and he bent over—I can remember his face like it was yesterday.
He laid his hand upon my shoulder and he told me, "Brandon, I've heard all of your prayers.
" He said, "What do you have need of, son?
" I said, "Lord, don't you know?
" I said, "Megan.
" And he said, "According to your faith, Brandon, be it done unto you.
" I said, "Lord, I want Megan to be completely healed.
" And he said, "She will start to amend from this.
" And he ministered to me some things that I won't talk about, but he loved on me.
It was private stuff.
And he laid his hand on my hand and he blessed me.
Diana comes around the corner and she doesn't see him, but she feels the presence of the Lord in the house.
It was so strong and so powerful that it made her stand, holding to the wall.
I remember her coming in and she said, "Oh my god.
" She goes, "Are you dying?
" because she thought I was going home because I was on the ground, heaped over, just weeping.
And I was sobbing because the presence of the Lord so filled my house with the glory of the Lord when Jesus showed up.
He touched me.
He looks over and he smiles at her.
He didn't say nothing.
And she doesn't see it, but she feels the presence of the Lord.
I said, "Baby, Jesus is here.
Jesus is here.
" She says, "I can sense.
I can feel, but I don't see it.
I don't see him.
" And she stood there and she started weeping at the presence of the Lord.
And the Lord told us that Megan was going to get better at that time.
To make a long story short, I know there's some of this I'm never going to tell publicly.
He blessed me and he talked about the ministry.
That's all you need to know.
Then he said to me, "Brandon, my father's calling me.
I must go.
" He turned around and, just as he came, he disappeared right out of my kitchen.
I wept.
I look over at Megan expecting her to be better, and nothing.
You know the Bible says as they went they were healed; it wasn't instantaneous that Jesus healed some people, it was as they went.
That was Saturday.
So Monday she went to school and her teacher called me in the middle of the afternoon.
She said, "Brandon, what did you do to Megan?
Something's happened.
" And I said, "Hold on, Kimberly.
What do you mean?
What did I do to Megan?
What do you mean what happened?
" and she said, "Explain to me how she's saying words.
" She said over 50 parroted words today.
We're talking a child that had no vocabulary at all, was not able to function at all, able to keep eye contact for the first time, and was repeating.
She made a list of all the words that Megan was saying on a piece of paper and we still have that today.
We still have it today because it was a miracle.
Megan still says things like parroting things all the time now even, and she says, "I love you.
" She says, "Hi Daddy.
" She says, "Hi Mommy.
" Those are the things Megan does now.
She's starting, and it's becoming more and more every day.
"I want food.
I want water.
" Things like that, from nothing at all to now starting to say little phrases.
Yeah, it's been a long time, but we've stood.
And Megan, we were so wanting to help her.
We do ABA and do all this stuff.
We thought we put it all on our credit cards.
We did everything we could to try to help our child to get out of that because there was no government assistance.
There was nothing really for Megan.
They would only allot so much a month.
So we just kept charging.
We kept doing things.
We had to file bankruptcy because we were trying to find her help.
There were all these different doctors saying all these different things saying, "Hey, if you do this, this is going to work.
If you do chelation, whatever, they run the IV and they do all the things through your body to pull the heavy metals out from the shots, doing enemas, all kinds of things with chelation or whatever it's called.
" Sorry, I butchered the word.
We did all of it.
DAN!
doctors, you name it.
We spent thousands.
DNA testing, magnet testing, all kinds of things over the years.
It's kind of like the woman with the issue of blood whenever she said she spent all she had but she grew worse.
That's the way it felt like with us.
All of these things didn't help but Jesus.
We went to a Billy Burke meeting and you saw what happened and the power of God came on Megan and that's why we're hooked to going to Billy Burke.
Because we went and spent...
we went to all the big healing evangelists.
I'm not here to throw any of them under the bus because it's not their faith that does anything.
I was seeking the anointing.
But in a place of desperation, it was so bad that I didn't think we were even going to be able to stay.
God pointed us out.
God through him: "Hey, you two.
Come over here.
" You watched it.
It was just God.
There were hundreds of people, if not a thousand people up at the front or more, and God did that.
And that was the beginning of our journey.
Then we went to Eufaula, and now Megan's getting better and better and better.
And we went to the thing in Fort Lauderdale.
So when you say, "Brandon, why are you so addicted to going to Billy Burke?
" because it's the first sign of hope.
It was the first sign of true hope other than what I had whenever she was with that visitation from Jesus.
That was a ten-year window.
Almost ten years, whatever it was.
It was a long time.
Plus ten years before we saw any other things starting to get better.
Then we went to a Billy Burke meeting and then it was like, boom!
And now it's starting to roll.
But I'm saying it's like what he always says: "God doesn't dangle a carrot.
" Brandon, God doesn't dangle a carrot.
He doesn't heal you partway without getting the full manifestation to dangle a carrot and tell you, "Well, I'm going to do part of it and not do the whole thing.
" I believe Megan is a work in progress.
That's where that all came out of.
"I'm a work in progress.
" We talk about it all the time.
God, we're a work in progress.
Regardless if we miss it, if we fall, if we stumble, whatever, we're a work in progress with life.
And I believe there's a lot of you that are watching this video today that can relate some way.
Maybe not all the way.
Maybe your circumstances are a lot worse.
Maybe your circumstance is you've been given a death sentence.
But I'm telling you, it's the faith that keeps on keeping on.
Whenever it doesn't look like you're going to get out of it, whenever it looks the darkest, is whenever you get that bulldog inside of you saying, "I'm not giving up.
" It's like when I went to that Ronald meeting; it was like, "I need help.
" When you come to your end: "I need help.
I can't do this anymore.
" And I know there's a lot of you that are in that place right now that say, "I need help.
" I had an email or something, somebody saying, "My husband's dealing with this and he's ready to hurt himself because of the fact that he has tinnitus in his ears.
" And that's where this came out of after I did this video for people like that.
Because I'm telling you, whenever you go through something and it seems that it's never going to stop and you think, "I'm just going to do myself in.
I can't do this anymore.
" And there's people that have all these things that go through and you think the only way out is death.
The only way out of this circumstance is to quit.
I'm trying to tell you as a living testimony that there's more.
And God has a plan for your life.
It's not for you to hurt yourself or do something silly that's forever permanent.
Don't do something permanent for a temporary problem.
This too shall pass.
Those dark days will pass.
I believe that God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
And whenever it seems the darkest, light's just around the corner.
I believe that your circumstances are going to change today.
I'm here to tell you that I'm still walking through some of the valley.
I'm still walking through the times of hardship.
I'm still walking through the things that don't look in the natural that I tell you I deal with with Megan.
We had a really rough day with her on Sunday.
I didn't even go to church.
But is it all falling?
The world's falling in.
Oh, no.
I thought you were getting better.
No, devil, you ain't stealing my victory.
Get off!
We're going to church.
We're going to be a family.
We're going to do these things.
Do you understand?
Even whenever the circumstance tries to change and it throws up in your face to try to get you down, to try to suck your joy out, that's whenever you stand the most.
Whenever the waves and the storm winds blow, that's when you stand the most.
And I'm here to tell you, sometimes it gets darker before it gets light.
Sometimes the valley of the shadow of death feels like it's going to devour you.
But He said He would never leave you, and He said He would never forsake you.
Lo, and to the end of the earth, He said He would be with you always.
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil because Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me.
And that's why I say, my God has a big staff.
My God has a big rod, and He's going to bust you in the head, devil.
I'm not going to allow you to get me down and ever do that again.
It's what you think on.
What you think on the most becomes bigger in your life.
Sometimes whenever all you see in front of your face is the problem, it's hard to see anything else.
I get it.
Whenever it's so close to your nose—your nose is in it and it's like poo and somebody's rubbing that in your face—the devil's rubbing in your face that you're never going to get out of this.
'You're going to be in this hole forever,' and you're going to go, 'I can't breathe anymore.
' I get it.
But God!
And I'm just here to tell you a little glimpse of hope and to tell you a little bit about my past to encourage you that you can keep on keeping on too.
You can keep on keeping on.
Yeah, sometimes we walk through it and we're crying.
Sometimes we're walking and crying.
I'm telling you, there are days I've cried.
I cried today.
Look at me.
It's painful.
But you still get up and brush yourself off and you don't give up on Jesus because He's never given up on you.
Jesus has never given up on you.
And I don't give up on my circumstances.
I don't give up.
Whenever I feel like He said, 'I want you to go and do this,' and I say, 'I can't do this.
I'll be a hypocrite,' He says, 'Do it.
' 'Yes, Lord.
' So let's take communion today over your circumstances.
Today's your day that you'll have your experience.
Today's your day that you'll get your breakthrough.
No matter how dark the circumstances are in your life, no matter how hard you think it is, God is going to turn it around for you.
Do you believe that today?
Do you believe that you are more than a conqueror?
You have to believe it.
Everybody needs a Ronald.
Everybody needs someone to pull you out of the ditch.
That's how I get out of those things.
When you're going in a ditch and you fall in the ditch, someone pulls you out of the ditch.
Doesn't mean you're supposed to always hang around them, but they're just there to help pull you out.
Ronald pulled me out of the ditch.
Ronald did.
And I was thankful for that.
My God, I'm so thankful for that!
He flew all the way from Romania to Oklahoma to preach in a little country church in Crescent, Oklahoma just to touch me.
And now I'm here talking to you.
Pretty amazing what God will do.
Isn't that amazing?
Wow, Lord.
The people that come across your path that help pull you out, I never forget them, and I'm thankful for them.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You for Ronalds.
Father, we lift up this body before You today.
Thank You, Father, that You see us whenever we're at our darkest hours.
Thank You, Father, that You see us and You deliver us, Father, whenever we think that the water is going to fill our lungs and we're going to drown—that there's nothing that we can do to get out of the hellhole that we're in.
But Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, even more so that Megan is being healed by Your stripes.
And that there's plenty of other Megans out there.
There's plenty of other people out there that need a miracle today, Lord.
And I thank You, Lord, that I agree with them.
I'm agreeing with you today that your victory is right at hand.
Not 10 years from now, but today.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
I believe it's manifesting today.
And Father, we lift up this body before You in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And I lay hold to it in Jesus' name.
And I say I am the healed resisting sickness.
Not I am sick trying to get healed.
I am the healed saying, 'Satan, you can't steal my healing.
' I am already healed.
I'm fighting from the place of victory.
I've already got the victory.
Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory.
So I'm not trying to get victory; I've already got victory.
And I'm resisting sickness.
I'm resisting autism.
I'm resisting all the things—apraxia speech—all these things, I resist it in the name of Jesus.
You have to do that; you fight from a place of victory.
You say, 'I am not a person who has cataracts.
' I am the healed resisting cataracts.
I am the healed resisting tendonitis.
I am the healed resisting cancers or diabetes or whatever you may be going through today—cancers, whatever.
There's many of you who have many things, but I believe that you are in the place of victory.
Why?
Because Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory today, just like He did for me.
Where's my manifestation?
I don't worry about the manifestation.
God's got that.
I'm not worried about the manifestation today.
I don't even think about it.
Why?
Because Jesus paid the price for me.
Do you believe it?
Thank You, Lord, for all You've done and all You're going to do.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we plead the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power that flows on the inside of us, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
And if we confess our sins, You're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we lift up this blood before You in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do.
You're so good to us, Father.
And we thank You, Father, that we're free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony today in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father, for the blood.
I thank You, Lord, for our minds are renewed by the Word of God.
You've got to get in this beautiful book and renew your mind.
The joy of the Lord is your strength today.
You can do all things through Christ who strengthens you today.
The Greater One lives on the inside of you today.
You have to believe that, even in the midst of the darkest times you go through, the Greater One lives on the inside of me today.
No weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
I bless you in the name of Jesus today.
All that you are feeling like you want to self-harm—that's broken off of you.
I rebuke the spirit of suicide and depression, anxiety, and fear, and I come against it in the name of Jesus and I stand in agreement with you.
You have to stand in it.
You have to say it.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
I cannot control that over you.
You have to say it for yourself.
'I am free.
I am free.
' You have to say it.
'I am free from demonic oppression today.
I am free from self-harm thoughts.
I am free from depression.
I am free in the name of Jesus.
' I refuse.
The joy of the Lord is my strength today.
Peace that passes all understanding is over me today.
You've got to believe it.
Say it out of your mouth, because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
The Bible says that out of the abundance of what's inside, what is in the overflow of you, is what's coming up out of you.
What you're saying out of your mouth is what you're living.
Out of the abundance and overflow of the heart, the mouth speaks today.
Remember this.
So you say, "Well, why am I living this?
" Because of what you've been saying.
I'm not depressed.
I don't have anxiety.
I have joy.
Say that: I have peace.
So all the people who are dealing with that stuff, you may need to talk to somebody.
You probably need to go to a counselor or a church member because, really, by law I'm supposed to tell you that, especially in the government here in America.
If you're feeling those things, you need to find somebody to talk to.
Go find a minister.
Go find somebody and tell them, "I'm having these thoughts.
I need to have somebody to talk to today.
" Call a help line and tell them, or a church or whatever.
You need to tell somebody, reach out to somebody, and find some help, because I did.
Ronald was there for me.
So, I'm believing for you.
You've got a Ronald coming.
I believe somebody's coming across your path who is going to help you and pull you out of your ditch.
And I believe today, I pray for you and you're coming out of your ditch.
But sometimes we need a little extra.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not something to be ashamed of.
Sometimes we just need a little extra.
Everybody has their stuff, guys.
Everybody has their stuff they're going through.
And at that point in time, Jesus is your savior and he's your healer and he knows what you're going through.
And so, I just tell you all that today just to encourage you that, yeah, we're walking through the valley still, but yet we see the light at the end of the tunnel.
We see it.
Before I couldn't see it; I see it now.
So, we pray this video richly blessed you today.
I have some things I have to go do, but I just thought I would pray and lift you all up, give you an encouraging word today, tell you that Jesus loves you, and put a smile on your face.
Like I said, we all have something we're going through.
But I appreciate your love and your support, your kindness.
And we'll be back here to pray tomorrow, lifting up things and going into the rivers to see what the Lord will show us.
I won't have anything really to talk about, so we'll just jump right into prayer unless the Lord shows me something between now and then.
But God bless you all and we will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.
Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I'm going to talk about something that's pretty hard, but there's a lot of you that don't know about my daughter and her testimony and the story of what she's been through.
I thought I would talk about it because there's a lot of new faces.
Now, there's many of you that do know, but there's many of you that do not.
So, for the ones that don't know, I'm going to talk about it because people go, "What's the noise in the background when you do your videos?
" And people ask, they email, "What's that noise?
" They think that there's a devil or something.
That's my daughter and she has special needs.
When she was 18 months old, she got the flu shot.
It's something that is very hard to talk about, but I talk about it because one day I believe it's going to be the greatest testimony that this world has ever seen.
That's what I just keep saying to myself.
But, you know, she got the flu shot and she was developing normally.
Her Apgar scores were completely normal when she was born.
Everything was completely fine.
She was talking.
She was making full sentences, like any 18-month or two-year-old would do.
Because she was starting to really develop, everything was okay.
And when we went in, her doctor suggested the flu was really bad that year and every parent should do this and you should have this done.
You know, kids can be hospitalized, and as young adults we were fearful of that, so I told the lady, "Yeah, go ahead, let's give her the flu shot.
" Well, we got her the flu shot and it was at the same time we gave her her measles, mumps, and rubella shot, her MMR.
Within just a couple of days, she ran a very high fever.
And all of a sudden it's like she went from being a happy little girl that was developing normally to a child that was completely in a bubble and lost all talking, lost all—just made weird humming noises.
She went into a complete zombie state.
It was so bad.
I called the doctor and I said, "Something is really wrong with our child.
" My wife called and we said, "We demand you see her.
" "Oh, she's just having a little bit of reaction to the flu vaccination, running a high fever.
It's okay.
This will pass.
Don't worry about it.
" I said, "No, there's something much more wrong.
There's something really wrong.
" And Megan got worse and worse.
Her bowels stopped working.
She wouldn't go to the bathroom anymore.
Her belly would swell up to the size of a beach ball.
As a child, she would hold her bowels for three weeks at a time without going and would cross her legs because of the sensation of going, I guess.
I don't know.
And it was so bad that she would just swell up huge and she'd be so impacted they thought they would have to have emergency surgery on her because we'd have to go in and do x-rays, and it was absolute hell on earth.
She started having the worst tantrums.
She started biting herself.
She would wipe feces all down our hall all day long with what she would dig out of her hiney.
It was—I'm telling you, it's just nasty.
But she would wipe it on furniture.
She would wipe it on her bed.
She would wipe it on our walls.
And every day I'd come home from work and Diana would come home.
Sometimes Diana would be at home with her and she would just be weeping because of how bad the day was.
She would take everything in the bathroom and put it in the kitchen, and everything in the kitchen into the bathroom.
She put all the things in the bedroom into the living room, and every year we put up our Christmas tree, she would take all the ornaments down and all the lights down.
We'd go to bed at night and then she would put them in a drawer in the kitchen.
This went on for years.
The severity of this is—I can't even tell you with words how bad it truly was.
She would get two hours of sleep at night, keeping us up all night long.
Diana and I were walking zombies because of how tired we were.
I would go to work and pass out in the hall because of how tired I was when I was working on a Saturday cleaning the church.
I would go into the men's stall and just lay my head over because I was so tired I couldn't function, even driving.
It was so bad.
We would drive her around at night in the car just trying to get her to sleep.
And because we had a big diesel car, a diesel engine, it had a lot of vibration and it was loud.
So the vibration and the loudness, she would fall asleep as we were driving.
But the moment we stopped the car and tried to take her into her bed, she'd wake up.
There was nothing that kept her asleep.
She and I would sit in the house and just rock her for hours, trying to get her to fall asleep listening to Christian music, to the point where if I hear those songs now, it bothers me.
I can't listen to that music anymore because of how traumatizing those moments were.
I know there are a lot of you who have children with special needs or a child with autism, and my heart goes out to you.
I pray for you all the time.
People send me letters; there was one little boy whose mom sent us stuff, and I remember those days when we didn't think she would be where she is right now.
I prayed and I believed, but the doctors told us she would never come out of the mental capacity of a two-year-old.
They said she would never talk, never be potty trained, and never have a normal functioning life.
He said, 'You're going to be this way forever.
Why don't you sign her over to the state and make her an orphan of the state so you can start over?
You're young, you can have a normal life.
' I told him I would never do that; I would raise this little girl and she would be healed.
He said, 'You kids are in denial.
You're in La La Land.
' He said, 'I've had over 3,000 documented diagnoses since I started my practice, and I've never once seen a child like this get any better or have a normal life.
' He was rebuking us, telling us we needed a reality check.
Diana said, 'Sir, you may have never had a child come out of this as severe as this, but we are going to be the first ones.
We're going to come back and tell you that Jesus Christ is a healer and she's going to come out of this.
' We're still believing that after 20 years.
We're standing on it and believing for the full manifestation.
I want you to know that even someone who has the relationship I have with the Lord goes through things; not everything is always roses.
We watch other people comment about what their child is going through on Facebook, but I would never make public a lot of the things I went through when Megan was first diagnosed.
We didn't even say the word 'autism.
' I wouldn't let you say it in my presence because I wasn't claiming it; I was resisting what the devil tried to put on us.
I refuse to acknowledge it.
I am the healed resisting autism; I am the healed, and she is the healed resisting autism.
When she makes those noises and hums, we don't even notice it anymore because it's been going on for 20 years.
When someone watches a video, they might think, 'What is that?
' so I try to explain a little bit what we're going through.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I've called you to the healing ministry.
Go into all the world and lay hands on the sick and they'll recover.
' I asked, 'How am I going to do that when I haven't seen the full manifestation for my own daughter?
I'll be a hypocrite.
' I argued with Him, and He said, 'Brandon, your daughter does not validate My word.
My word validates itself.
I don't need Megan's full manifestation to prove My word is true.
Just be obedient and do what I've called you to do.
' I wrestled with this until He told me to start a YouTube channel.
I wrestled with it for two years, pulling videos and refusing to put them on YouTube before anyone would really look at them.
I felt inadequate and tormented.
Finally, we went to a Billy Burke meeting.
It was my birthday, and I wanted to go as a gift to myself.
We had to sit at the very back because Megan was acting so bad.
Before this, we had gone to see Andrew Wommack in Norman, Oklahoma, to get him to pray for her.
She was in the back of the auditorium, and there was a huge light switchboard.
Megan decided to throw a fit and pushed those buttons.
In the middle of Andrew Wommack preaching his sermon, all the lights went out and it went completely black.
There were probably 3,000 people in there.
Andrew, on stage, goes, 'Hello?
' in his country way.
I thought I could crawl under the table and bury myself; that's how embarrassed I was.
I grabbed her and said, 'I'm so sorry.
' The staff ran over with flashlights to try to turn the lights on again.
We were looking for prayer, and I think he prayed for us, but nothing really happened—not that I have anything against him, but nothing happened.
After it was over, I walked away feeling defeated because I was expecting something to happen at Andrew Wommack's service.
Then we had people telling us she had a devil.
I took her to a ministry in Dallas where they charged us $500 to try to cast the devils out of her.
I won't get into that.
Then we took her to a Billy Burke service.
When we went to the Billy Burke service, we sat at the very back of a massive church.
There were so many people you couldn't stir them with a stick.
I was disappointed because I wanted her to be at the front to be prayed for, but so did everyone else who had needs.
The lines for prayer were long and Megan was losing it; she was having one of her biggest meltdowns, pushing against me and freaking out.
I carried her to the front while she was resisting and pushing off of me.
He said, 'Everybody who needs a miracle, get down to the front.
I'm going to pray for you.
I'm closing the service.
' I was disappointed because it seemed like the people all around me had many more issues than we had—broken legs and all these things going on with their bodies—and they were looking for healing, too.
But there were just too many people to pray for.
All of a sudden, my wife came over and stood next to me with my other two.
Braden was filming it, as he always does, and Billy Burke, by the Spirit of God, looked over at us and said, 'You two, come here.
' He called us over for him to pray for us.
You can see the video right here.
'Is this your daughter?
' 'Yes, sir.
' 'Bring her over here.
She was making all the noise over there, right?
What's going on with your daughter?
' 'She had a flu vaccination that caused autism.
' 'How old is she now?
' 'She's 13.
' That was the day Billy Burke prayed for our little girl and she started having bowel function for the first time.
She came home and had a bowel movement by herself for the first time, was able to use the stool, and was completely potty trained within a couple of weeks.
It happened within 24 hours, and God started to restore Megan.
We were able to start going to church without her freaking out after that visitation from the Lord.
Before that, we weren't able to go to public places, eat out, go to church, or go to Walmart because Megan would have such meltdowns.
We would try to put her in the buggy, and as she got older, I'd put her in a wheelchair, to the point where I just sat in the car because it was so rough.
We have videos to prove that we've taken her places now because we want to document it.
When the full manifestation comes, only God will get all the glory with all the documentation for what he's done for Megan.
One day I was praying while our church staff was having a harvest party—that's what we call it because we don't celebrate Halloween—at the pastor's house.
Everyone was going for barbecue and refreshments, but we couldn't go because we didn't have childcare.
Nobody could watch Megan because of how bad she was.
Megan would not act right; it was awful.
We never really left her with anyone because we knew they couldn't handle it, and we didn't want to hear about it.
I didn't care; I lived it, so I told people to keep their comments to themselves.
Even with family, I didn't want to deal with hearing that Megan had an accident or ruined a chair.
I lived it; she destroyed three cars.
That's how bad it was.
When people can't relate to or handle something, they attack it, accuse you, or tell you what you should be doing.
When you're doing all you can as a father with a special-needs child, you don't need correction; you need sympathy and love when you're down and hurting.
Many people feel they have suggestions because they think they have it all figured out, looking at your life through a magnifying glass to find a flaw.
They have no idea because they've never been through anything, yet they have a cure for you.
It makes no sense until you've lived it for even a 24-hour period.
People who just encounter you for a moment think they can fix all your issues, but if you lived it for a week, you'd want to hurt yourself physically.
It was so bad; I wanted to run my car off a cliff or a bridge some days because I could not function.
I was so close to self-harm.
I spiritually had to grab hold of it.
The reason I'm still here is that I had the will inside me, by the Holy Spirit, to be a father to that child and a husband to my wife and not be a quitter.
But there were many days I went to an evangelist with such deep depression and suicidal thoughts that he saw it on me.
He called me to the front and said, 'Sir, you need to come up here.
There's a spirit of suicide coming against you, and I'm going to pray for you right now.
Jesus is going to set you free.
' I was so broken; I literally thought I was lost and wasn't going to make it.
I remember sitting in the back of that church looking for something.
I left early that morning thinking I wasn't going home.
Diana was at home with Megan and the baby.
I just needed help.
I drove to a little town, Crescent, Oklahoma, where a man named Ronald was preaching.
I was so down with depression and suicide that I thought I had to quit.
I went to the back of that church looking for hope.
He called me out, laid hands on me, and I'm telling you, that spirit broke off of me.
The power of God set me free and changed me forever.
That spirit tried to come back, but I resisted it because I knew what it was like to be free.
When you reach that place of desperation, you think the only way out of the hole is death.
But Jesus has a plan for your life.
If I had done what I was thinking of back then, I wouldn't be here with my son preaching the gospel to you.
There's a place of darkness and discouragement so deep that you don't know how you'll ever get out.
I'm so thankful for Ronald.
He was a missionary from Romania who came and prayed for me.
He gave me a prophetic word and told me there are people that have abandoned you.
And he gave me this word and it was right on—dead smack right on.
After he prayed for us, then I went and I got Diana and I said, "Oh my god, baby.
I have hope.
This man called me out.
You know the circumstance.
" She didn't know how bad I was because I try to be strong all the time for her.
And I went over and I grabbed her and I got the kids and I took her to this revival that night.
He was at a Pizza Hut, at a pizza place eating after church, and I took her over there and I said, "Let me just try to sow a seed.
" Because I knew the power of seed.
It made me like 20 bucks.
I don't know because we didn't have nothing.
But I told her, I said, "Let's just sow that in faith, believing for breakthrough in our household.
Let's believe for what seemed impossible, that God's going to turn it around.
" I go over this story and I cry every time and it's still painful.
So Diana got prayed for, Megan got prayed for, we all went home.
But I was so broken by it.
So now I go back to where I told you we were at the party and this happened right after that.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
This happened right after that.
It was October 29th and I was standing at the sink doing dishes.
I had just come home from work and I said, "Lord, do you hear any of my prayers?
Have you abandoned me, Lord?
Do you care that I'm going through any of this?
Do you see the pain?
" Just fussing.
"Do you see the pain that I'm going through?
" Just all the things, just doing dishes at the sink, scrubbing the dishes.
Diana's in there dealing with Megan and all of a sudden Jesus comes in and this is the first time I can tangibly tell you he was not a vision; he was tangible.
He shows up into the kitchen—the presence of God felt so much.
I turned around as I'm fussing and Jesus said, "I've heard all of your prayers.
" And I turned around and I melted on the ground because I could not stand in front of his presence.
He looked at me and he bent over and I can remember his face like it was yesterday.
He laid his hand upon my shoulder and he told me, he said, "Brandon, I've heard all of your prayers.
What do you have need of, son?
" I said, "Lord, don't you know?
" I said, "Megan.
" And he said, "According to your faith, Brandon, be it done unto you.
" I said, "Lord, I want Megan to be completely healed.
" And he said, "She will start to amend from this.
" And he ministered to me some things that I won't talk about, but he ministered to me and he loved on me.
It was private stuff.
And he laid his hand on my hand and he blessed me and he was loving on me.
Diana comes around the corner and she doesn't see him, but she feels the presence of the Lord in the house.
And it was so strong and so powerful that it made her stand—hold to the wall.
I remember her coming in and she said, "Oh my god.
Are you dying?
" because she thought I was going home because I was on the ground in a heap, just weeping.
And I was sobbing because the presence of the Lord so filled my house with the glory of the Lord when Jesus showed up.
He touched me.
He looks over and he smiles at her.
He didn't say nothing.
And she doesn't see it, but she feels the presence of the Lord.
I said, "Baby, Jesus is here.
Jesus is here.
" She says, "I can sense.
I can feel, but I don't see him.
" And she stood there and she started weeping at the presence of the Lord.
And the Lord told us that Megan was going to get better.
To make a long story short—I know there's some of this I'm never going to ever tell publicly—he blessed me and he talked about the ministry.
That's all you need to know.
Then he said to me, "Brandon, my father's calling me.
I must go.
" He turned around and just as he came, he disappeared right out of my kitchen.
I wept.
I look over at Megan expecting her to be better and nothing.
You know the Bible says as they went they were healed; it wasn't instantaneous that Jesus healed some people—it was as they went.
That was Saturday.
So Monday she went to school and her teacher called me in the middle of the afternoon.
She said, "Brandon, what did you do to Megan?
Something's happened.
" And I said, "Hold on, Kimberly.
What do you mean?
What did I do to Megan?
What do you mean what happened?
" and she said, "Explain to me how she's saying words.
" She said over 50 parroted words today.
We're talking a child that had no vocabulary at all, was not able to function at all, able to keep eye contact for the first time.
She made a list of all the words that Megan was saying on a piece of paper and we still have that today.
We still have it today because it was a miracle.
Megan still says things like parroting things all the time now and she says, "I love you," she says, "hi daddy," she says, "hi mommy.
" Those are the things Megan does now.
She's starting and it's becoming more and more every day—"I want food," "I want water"—things like that from nothing at all to now starting to say little phrases.
Yeah, it's been a long time, but we've stood.
We were so wanting to help her.
We do ABA and do all this stuff.
We put it all on our credit cards.
We did everything we could to try to help our child to get out of that because there was no government assistance.
There was nothing really for Megan.
They would only allot so much a month.
So we just kept charging.
We kept doing things.
So we had to file bankruptcy because we were trying to find her help.
There were all these different doctors saying all these different things saying, "Hey, if you do this, this is going to work.
If you do chelation—whatever, they run the IV and they do all the things through your body to pull the heavy metals out from the shots, doing enemas to all kinds of things with chelation or whatever it's called.
" Sorry, I butchered the word.
We did all of it.
DAN doctors, you name it.
We spent thousands.
DNA testing, magnet testing, all kinds of things over the years.
It's kind of like the woman with the issue of blood whenever she said she spent all she had but she grew worse.
That's the way it felt with us.
All of these things didn't help but Jesus.
We went to a Billy Burke meeting and you saw what happened and the power of God came on Megan and that's why we're hooked to going to Billy Burke—because we went and spent—we went to all the big healing evangelists.
I'm not here to throw any of them under the bus because it's not their faith that does anything.
I was seeking the anointing.
But in a place of desperation—and it was so bad that I didn't think we were even going to be able to stay—God pointed us out.
God through him.
"Hey, you two.
Come over here.
" You watched it.
It was just God.
There were hundreds of people, if not a thousand people up at the front or more.
And God did that.
And that was the beginning of our journey.
Then we went to Eufaula and now Megan's getting better and better and better.
And we went to the thing in Fort Lauderdale.
So when you say "Brandon, why are you so addicted to going to Billy Burke?
"—because it's the first sign of hope.
It was the first sign of true hope other than what I had whenever she was at that visitation from Jesus.
That was a 10-year window.
Almost 10 years, whatever it was.
It was a long time.
Plus 10 years before we saw any other things starting to get better.
Then we went to a Billy Burke meeting and it was like boom.
And now it's starting to roll.
But I'm saying it's like what he always says: God doesn't dangle a carrot.
Brandon, God doesn't dangle a carrot.
He doesn't heal you partway without getting the full manifestation to dangle a carrot and tell you, 'Well, I'm going to do part of it and not do the whole thing.
' I believe Megan is a work in progress.
That's where that all came out of.
I'm a work in progress.
We talk about it all the time.
God, we're a work in progress, regardless if we miss it, if we fall, or if we stumble.
Whatever it is, we're a work in progress with life.
And I believe there's a lot of you watching this video today that can relate some way.
Maybe not all the way.
Maybe your circumstance is a lot worse.
Maybe your circumstance is you've been given a death sentence.
But I'm telling you, it's the faith that keeps on keeping on.
Whenever it doesn't look like you're going to get out of it, whenever it looks the darkest is whenever you get that bulldog inside of you saying, 'I'm not giving up.
' It's like when I went to that Ronald meeting, it was like, 'I need help.
I need help.
' When you come to your end, I need help.
I can't do this anymore.
And I know there's a lot of you who are in that place right now that say, 'I need help.
' I had, I think it was an email or something, somebody saying, 'My husband's dealing with this and he's ready to self-harm because of the fact that he has tinnitus in his ears.
' And that's where this came out of; I did this video for people like that.
Because I'm telling you, whenever you go through something and it seems that it's never going to stop and you think, 'I'm going to just do myself in.
I can't do this anymore.
' And there's people that have all these things that go through and you think the only way out is death.
The only way out of this circumstance is to quit.
I'm trying to tell you as a living testimony that there's more.
And God has a plan for your life.
It's not for you to hurt yourself or do something silly that is permanent.
Don't do something permanent for a temporary problem.
This too shall pass.
Those dark days will pass.
I believe that God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
And whenever it seems the darkest, light's just around the corner.
I believe that your circumstances are going to change today.
I'm here to tell you that I'm still walking through some of the valley.
I'm still walking through the times of hardship.
I'm still walking through things where it doesn't look in the natural like what I tell you I deal with with Megan.
We had a really rough day with her on Sunday.
I didn't even go to church.
Oh, but is it all falling?
The world's falling in.
'Oh, no.
I thought you were getting better.
' No, devil, you ain't stealing my victory.
Get off.
We're going to church.
We're going to be a family.
We're going to do these things.
Do you understand?
Even whenever the circumstance tries to change and it throws it in your face to try to get you down, to try to suck your joy out, that's whenever you stand the most.
Whenever the waves and the storm winds blow, that's when you stand the most.
And I'm here to tell you, sometimes it gets darker before it gets light.
Sometimes the valley of the shadow of death feels like it's going to devour you.
But He said He would never leave you.
And He said He would never forsake you.
Even to the end of the earth, He said He would be with you always.
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil because Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me.
And that's why I say, my God has a big staff.
My God has a big rod and He's going to bust you in the head, devil.
I'm not going to allow you to get me down and ever do that again.
It's what you think on.
What you think on the most becomes bigger in your life.
Sometimes whenever all you see in front of your face is the problem, it's hard to see anything else.
I get it.
Whenever it's so close to your nose that it's like someone's rubbing it in your face.
The devil rubbing in, 'You're never going to get out of this.
You're going to be in this hole forever and you're going to go...
' I can't breathe anymore.
I get it.
But God.
And I'm just here to tell you a little glimpse of hope and to tell you a little bit about my past to encourage you that you can keep on keeping on, too.
You can keep on keeping on.
Yeah, sometimes we walk through it and we're crying.
Sometimes we're walking and crying.
I'm telling you, there are days I've cried.
I cried today.
Look at me.
It's painful.
But you still get up and brush yourself off and you don't give up on Jesus because He's never given up on you.
Jesus has never given up on you.
And I don't give up on my circumstances.
I don't give up whenever I feel like, when He said 'I want you to go and do this,' and I say 'I can't do this, I'll be a hypocrite.
' Do it.
Yes, Lord.
So let's take communion today over your circumstances.
Today's your day that you'll have your experience.
Today's your day that you'll get your breakthrough.
No matter how dark the circumstances are in your life, no matter how hard you think it is, God is going to turn it around for you.
Do you believe that today?
Do you believe that you are more than a conqueror?
You have to believe it.
Everybody needs a Ronald.
Everybody needs someone, I feel like, sometimes to help pull you out of the ditch.
That's where I get out of those things.
When you're going into a ditch, you fall in the ditch, and somebody pulls you out of the ditch.
Doesn't mean you're supposed to always hang around them, but they're just there to help pull you out.
Ronald pulled me out of the ditch.
Ronald did.
And I was thankful for that.
He flew all the way from Romania to Oklahoma to preach in a little country church in Crescent, Oklahoma just to touch me.
And now I'm here talking to you.
Pretty amazing what God will do.
Isn't that amazing?
Wow, Lord.
The people that come across your path that help pull you out, I never forget them, and I'm thankful for them.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you for Ronalds.
Father, we lift up this body before You today.
Thank you, Father, that You see us whenever we're at our darkest hours.
Thank you, Father, that You see us and You deliver us whenever we think the water is going to fill our lungs and we're going to drown, that there's nothing we can do to get out of the hellhole that we're in.
But Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, even more so that Megan is being healed by Your stripes.
And that there's plenty of other Megans out there.
There's plenty of other people out there that need a miracle today, Lord.
And I thank You, Lord, that I agree with them.
I'm agreeing with you today that your victory is right at hand.
Not 10 years from now, but today.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
I believe it's manifesting today.
And Father, we lift up this body before You in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You.
And with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And I lay hold to it in Jesus' name.
And I say I am the healed resisting sickness, not I am sick trying to get healed.
I am the healed saying, 'Satan, you can't steal my healing.
' I am already healed.
I'm fighting from the place of victory.
I've already got the victory.
Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory.
So I'm not trying to get victory; I've already got victory.
And I'm resisting sickness.
I'm resisting autism.
I'm resisting all the things—apraxia of speech—all these things I resist in the name of Jesus.
You have to do that; you fight from a place of victory.
You say, "I am not a person who has cataracts.
I'm not a person who has this.
I am the healed resisting cataracts.
I am the healed resisting tendinitis.
I am the healed resisting cancers, diabetes, or whatever you may be going through today—cancers, whatever.
" Many of you have many things, but I believe that you are in the place of victory.
Why?
Because Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory today, just like He did for me.
When do you get...
well, where's my manifestation?
I don't worry about the manifestation.
God's got that.
I'm not worried about the manifestation today.
I don't even think about it.
Why?
Because Jesus paid the price for me.
Do you believe it?
Thank You, Lord, for all You've done and all You're going to do.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we plead the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power that flows on the inside of us, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
And if we confess our sins, You're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we lift up this blood before You in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do.
You're so good to us, Father.
And we thank You, Father, that we're free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony today in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father, for the blood.
I thank You, Lord, for our minds are renewed by the word of God.
You've got to get in this beautiful book and renew your mind.
The joy of the Lord is your strength today.
You can do all things through Christ who strengthens you today.
The Greater One lives on the inside of you today.
You have to believe that even in the midst of the darkest times you go through, the Greater One lives on the inside of me today.
No weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
I bless you in the name of Jesus today.
All that you are feeling—like you want to self-harm yourself—that's broken off of you.
I rebuke the spirit of suicide and depression, anxiety, and fear, and I come against it in the name of Jesus, and I stand in agreement with you.
You have to stand in it.
You have to say it.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
I cannot control that over you.
You have to say it for yourself: "I am free.
I am free.
" You have to say it: "I am free from demonic oppression today.
I am free from self-harm thoughts.
I am free from depression.
I am free in the name of Jesus.
" I refuse!
The joy of the Lord is my strength today.
Peace that passes all understanding is over me today.
You've got to believe it.
Say it out of your mouth.
Because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
The Bible says out of the abundance of what's inside—what is in the overflow of you—is what's coming up out of you.
What you're saying out of your mouth is what you're living.
Out of the abundance, the overflow of the heart, the mouth speaks today.
Remember this.
So you say, "Well, why am I living this?
" Because of what you've been saying.
I am not depressed.
I don't have anxiety; I have joy.
Say that.
I have peace.
So, all the people who are dealing with that stuff, you may need to talk to somebody.
You need to probably go to a counselor or a church member because, really, by law, I'm supposed to tell you that—especially in the government here in America.
If you're feeling those things, you need to find somebody to talk to.
Go find a minister.
Go find somebody and tell them, "I'm having these thoughts.
I need to have somebody to talk to today.
" Call a line and tell them—a church or whatever.
You need to tell somebody, reach out to somebody, and find some help, because I did.
Ronald was there for me.
So, I'm believing for you.
You've got a Ronald coming.
I believe somebody's coming across your path who's going to help you, pull you out of your ditch.
And I believe today I pray for you, and you're coming out of your ditch.
But sometimes we need a little extra.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not something to be ashamed of.
Sometimes we just need a little extra.
Everybody has their stuff, guys.
Everybody has their stuff that they're going through.
And at that point in time, Jesus is your Savior, and He's your healer, and He knows what you're going through.
And so, I just tell you all that today just to encourage you that, yeah, we're walking through the valley still, but yet we see the light at the end of the tunnel.
We see it.
Before, I couldn't see it.
I see it now.
So, we pray this video richly blessed you today.
I have some things I have to go do, but I just thought I would pray and lift you all up, give you an encouraging word today, tell you that Jesus loves you, to put a smile on your face.
And you know what?
Like I said, we all have something we're going through, y'all.
But I appreciate your love and your support, your kindness.
And we'll be back here to pray tomorrow, lifting up things and going in the rivers, to see what the Lord will show us.
I won't have anything really to talk about, so we'll just jump right into prayer unless the Lord shows me something between now and then.
But God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.